Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about authentication, module of skippering security, authentication
means confirming your own identity, so it is related to it.
Who are you?
There are a lot of login types in spring security, but we will talk about foreign login.
Start points of spring security is http filters, HDTV filters, catch the HTTP request and filter them.
Suppling security works with filters.
When you send a request from Clydeside, cyber security will attach it with ID filters.
This filter is basic authentication filter as default in Cypriot security in this class will do filter
internal methods.
The request is processed, but we should notice something here.
The request should be sent with basic authorization token to server side to do it.
Credentials should be sent with basic base64 token.
These tokens should be constructor's from username and password that Endou filter internal method.
The authorization header will be taken, then it will be decoded with base64 algorithm, then username
password authentication token will be created from username and password.
Later authentication request will be provided.
Authentication will be implemented with provider manager provider manager.
Iterate through all the providers, configure authentication providers and the ligate the actual authentication
job to authentication providers.
There are many implementations for authentication provider.
One of the implementation is the authentication provider, which extends from the abstract user details
authentication provider.
In authentication provider, we can inject password encoder or user user details service to authenticate
from database in next lessons.
We will see the implementation of it.
In the authentication provider class, first of all, we will call retrieve user method in this matter,
we will look at user from a database with user name after finding user with username, we will check
password with additional authentication checks method.
After authentication, we will return successful response or failure response as an exception, but
we should store it on security context to access it from everywhere in application as final think.
Let's understand the content of what constitutes an object.
Although integration is a principle object and contains credentials, authorities and principal.
OK, that's all about cybering security authentication.
Thank you.